[docs] note ParameterOptimization is out of date (#528)
tensorflow/swift: docs/ParameterOptimization.md

[Richard Wei](https://github.com/rxwei), [Dan Zheng](https://github.com/dan-zheng)

> Last updated: 2019-03
> 
> **NOTE**: As of 2020-08-30, this is badly out of date.
> In particular, CotangentVector was deprecated in <https://github.com/apple/swift/pull/24825>, and AllDifferentialbeVariables was deprecated in <https://github.com/tensorflow/swift-apis/pull/419>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last updated: March 2019

**Note**: This document is outdated due to changes to the `Differentiable` protocol.

In particular, `Differentiable.CotangentVector` was deprecated in <https://github.com/apple/swift/pull/24825> and `Differentiable.AllDifferentiableVariables` was deprecated in <https://github.com/tensorflow/swift-apis/pull/419>.
```
